Zhang Shuai, drink water
You did a good job this time.
When you capture Qingshan Town, you will be the deputy mayor
Haha Zhang Shuai
Now Qingshan Town has no place to resist
We'll make it right away
Uncle is not good
Our men attacked for less than an hour
Killed more than 2,000 people
Nonsense
How can there be so many?
It's the truth.
Their ammunition is like no money
Keep hitting
Our brothers don't even dare to show their heads.
Master Huang is dead
Why are they still fighting?
Li Jiaren, you said
What to do Zhang Shuai
They're giving it their all.
I do have everything I can do without bloodshed
The other party is gone now
Let's attack without attacking
They can only surrender obediently
Exciting cold
You are indeed my Zhuge Liang
Young Marshal is flattered hahaha
The division commander has not attacked since the enemy retreated
How can we go on like this?
We have food and drink
Look.
Tell the people below
We have meat buns every day
They all have white noodles.
Enough for half a year
Hey, yeah, although we don't need food
But we can't get out if the enemy doesn't leave.
Nothing can get in
Don't worry, I've already thought of so many words